---
title: "Welcome"
date: 2023-03-04T15:34:30-04:00
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - info
---

Hey, it's Matt, and welcome to my first blog post! I'm excited to share a little bit about myself with you. I'm what you might call a bit "weird" because I'm an intersection of a bunch of different hobbies and interests.

First and foremost, I'm a devout Christian, and my faith is the driving force in my life. I had a radical conversion in 2012 that completely changed my life. Ask me if you're ever interested since I love to share that story.

I'm also a husband of eight years and a father of two young boys. My family means everything to me, and I cherish every moment I spend with them. Even though I have traveled quite a bit, I decided to settle down where I grew up here in the midwest.

I studied computer science at the School of Engineering at a university out here in the midwest. I have been an avid technologist for as long as I can remember. I started programming in QBasic at the age of nine and even fancied myself a hacker in middle and high school. Little did I know that my skills would be in high demand years later! Since 2013, I've been working as an offensive security penetration tester (White-hat hacker).

One of my biggest passions is organic gardening with a focus on permaculture. Despite living on a small plot in an urban area, my family and I practice urban homesteading and make the most of our small plot of land. We have a variety of vegetables, berries, fruit trees, and even raise bees and rabbits in our backyard.

If any of these activities pique your interest, then you're in the right place! I'm excited to share more about my unique combination of hobbies and interests with you in this blog. Thanks for reading, and welcome to my world!
